
Started building the app I mentioned in [[06-29-2026 Notes]]. It is called OrderUp [[2026-07-02-orderup-backend]] [[2026-07-02-voice-doordash-ordering-design]]



Currently I plan to build this only using Fable, to test out Fable's capabilities for my own edification.

I am using it from planning to implementation to building. It took around 70k credits for planning and implementation plans which is about 45k more tokens than Opus 4.8 at medium. It has burned through my 5 hour limit, which will reset in about 4 hours. Since Fable's access to the public without credits is only till July 7th, now is the best time to play with it without spending your own money on credits. credits will reset on Wednesday, so Wednesday will be the last day you can fully use Fable to its limit. Will have to plan something for Wednesday so we don't waste our opportunity.


Fable is a lot more organized than opus, and it deploys its own subagents to assist in coding.


Started researching  [[ARD (Agentic Resource Discovery)]] [[Agentic Resource Discovery Framework Overview.png]]

This seems like it will help advance the idea of "vibecoding" in the future as this is essentially a browser for agents. Right now agents are pre-installed tools, but this aims to create a uniform system where agents can find dynamic tools using a .json file instead of it being hard-coded into a model's context. More details in the ARD document linked above. Also included is an infographic.

Currently this is being pursued by Google and other partners.

